Update S3 storage class docs (#6793)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/tools/snapshot-and-restore/s3-repository.md

Amazon S3 supports a variety of  *storage classes*, each of which offers different operational characteristics. For instance, some classes cost less per byte stored per month, but cost more per request, and other classes may vary in terms of their availability guarantees.

You can specify the storage class that {{es}} uses to store data objects with the `storage_class` repository setting. 

> {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5` You can also specify the storage class for objects with the `data_storage_class` and `metadata_storage_class` settings. For {{es}} versions 9.5 and later, we recommended you specify the `data_storage_class` and `metadata_storage_class` settings instead of the `storage_class` setting.

Reviewer: hm I approved this but given that people have to choose between 3 settings now, some links with details would be helpful as well :) 

```suggestion
{applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5` You can also specify the storage class for objects with the `data_storage_class` and `metadata_storage_class` settings. For {{es}} versions 9.5 and later, we recommended you specify the `data_storage_class` and `metadata_storage_class` settings instead of the `storage_class` setting. To learn about the differences between these settings, refer to the [{{es}} configuration reference](elasticsearch://reference/elasticsearch/configuration-reference/s3-repository-settings.md#repository-s3-repository-settings).
```

Author: Good call out, applied your suggestion!

Amazon S3 supports a variety of  *storage classes*, each of which offers different operational characteristics. For instance, some classes cost less per byte stored per month, but cost more per request, and other classes may vary in terms of their availability guarantees.

> You may specify the storage class that {{es}} uses to store data objects with the `storage_class`, `data_storage_class`, and `metadata_storage_class` repository settings. It is recommended to specify the `data_storage_class` and `metadata_storage_class` settings instead of the `storage_class` setting.

Reviewer 2: If I understand correctly, `data_storage_class` and `metadata_storage_class` settings are newly added in version 9.5. Because this page applies to all 9.X versions cumulatively, we'd need to make this version distinction clearer (with inline tags most likely).

Author: Yes that's a good catch. I've applied your suggested change below!

> You may specify the storage class that {{es}} uses to store data objects with the `storage_class`, `data_storage_class`, and `metadata_storage_class` repository settings. It is recommended to specify the `data_storage_class` and `metadata_storage_class` settings instead of the `storage_class` setting.

Reviewer 2: So maybe something like this?

```suggestion
You can specify the storage class that {{es}} uses to store data objects with the `storage_class` repository setting. 

{applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5` You can also specify storage objects with `data_storage_class` and `metadata_storage_class` settings. For {{es}} versions 9.5 and later, we recommended you specify the `data_storage_class` and `metadata_storage_class` settings instead of the `storage_class` setting.
```

Author: Done, thanks for the suggestion!
